Add documentation for creating a branch based module (#582)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/private-registry/modules.mdx

| `data.attributes.vcs-repo.github-app-installation-id` | string |  | The VCS Connection GitHub App Installation to use. Find this ID on the account settings page. Requires previously authorizing the GitHub App and generating a user-to-server token. Manage the token from **Account Settings** within Terraform Cloud. You can not specify this value if `oauth-token-id` is specified.                                                                                                                                                      |
| `data.attributes.vcs-repo.display_identifier` | string  |         | The display identifier for the repository. For most VCS providers outside of Bitbucket Cloud, this identifier matches the `data.attributes.vcs-repo.identifier` string.  |
| `data.attributes.no-code`                     | boolean |         | Allows you to enable or disable the no-code publishing workflow for a module.  |

> | `data.attributes.vcs-repo.branch`             | string  |         | The branch that the module should be pointed to as part of the Branch Based Modules workflow. If this field is omitted then the Registry Module will be tag based.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.vcs-repo.branch`             | string  |         | The repository branch to publish the module from if you are using the branch-based publishing workflow. If omitted, the module will be published using the tag-based publishing workflow.  |
```
